
ai used: duck.ai gpt 5.6 luna, chatgpt 

dragonfly egg methodology: for my methodology, i wrote the tests my own way first, then had the ai refine them and make them into a better testing framework. i knew the ai wouldnt be able to write satisfactor tests that i would be able to understand, (i am terrible at advanced c++) so i wrote what i wanted to test first, then made the ai refactor it. i dont trust ai, but was forced to use it, so this is what i came up with. the exception in the lifecycle tests, those were hand written aqnd not refactored becausee i knew the ai wouldnt be able to undrstand the architecture well enough to refactor it correctly.
dragonfly niad metohodology: for my methodology, i first gave the ai examples of the test framework i am using and some tests, so it knew what i wanted, then i either gave it some test code to refactor into that framework, or just gave it the code i wanted tested and the rewurements, and let it generate tests. i would then test that code and make any modfications neccesary. i had issues with it not understanding the framework exactly and not turning off the managers when it was supposed to and returning the wrong values, but that was an easy manual fix. i didnt really have any prompts go that overly wrong for this round, and prompts like using the frameowrk in this code, write tests for x and y, about h worked quite well.
dragonflyt full methodology. for this round, i actually tested giving the ai more freedom in writing tests and writing tests indwependantly. this mostly worked, with little guidance, so the manual modification i had to make afterwards were minimal. i did have errors like a test testing fo the wrong thing and not understnating th testing framemork, but oither than that it was unernvingly smoothe sailing. a prompt that worked well was: "hey, can you make some tests for my code, follwing the same format as the code i will give you in a second, for the code i will give you after that, for the happy path, edge case ,and unhappy path?". a prompt that didnt work well i dont really have. i di occaisionally make suggestions, or add extra information, but the process was hardly anythouing out of the ordinary.
